God what kind of glass is this
The gold man who was drilled by the electric drill was unharmed
I have never seen glass of this material.
Come on, come on, take a look, take a look, hey, hey
Be careful
You look at me
Don't take it, don't go
Be careful, be careful
I didn't expect this phone screen to be so strong
Yeah, it's so accepting. Wow.
Dad's phone call is so powerful
No wonder Qingfeng said before
The lower bunk mobile phone smashing walnuts is garbage.
How is that possible?
How can there be glass that can withstand the force of an electric drill?
Measure the breeze
There must be something wrong with this drill
How dare you cheat?
What should I do in full view of Hu Tianyi?
I think you can't afford to lose.
Zhuowei
This phone
What is used is the latest development
Environmentally friendly aluminum silicon tempered glass
Its apocalyptic hardness has reached level 10
Level 10 What apocalyptic hardness level 10
The hardest diamond in nature
The hardness of the apocalypse is only level 10.
Professor Liu, you are right
The hardness of diamonds is indeed very high
But he also has a green star
So he can't resist you.
And the screen of the phone I developed
Its hardness and slip resistance
And it resists gravity.
Have reached the world's top level
The most important point is
This phone screen
The light transmittance of its glass is also very strong
There is also anti-blue light function
If you use this phone for a long time
It will not produce the effect of eye fatigue.
What Qiu Feng said is true
It's all true.
This phone screen is 10,000 times bigger than the bottom bunk cow
Yes, yes, yes, hey.
This glass
It has reached the world's most advanced level
No.
This glass has surpassed the world's most advanced
I crossed the level
Technology is taking off in glass R & amp; D.
What is glass?
That phone is a piece of craftsmanship.
No.
It's a high-tech product across the ages.
Ok ok ok ok
Great, great.
It's incredible.